for my part I feel here that moves
with the wind didou six months when
jeanne very fun two basins these
gaps already autonomous nor two we
draw me a bit very very sick
played underwater were you be my shorts
handed or bc - squirrels you saw
these hazelnuts
will feast on mahatma we would have to
know how to crack hazelnuts
I'm yours, I'm sorry I'm doing
still managed the coup because I'm going
draw a uthurralt lighting
it does not seem like the squirrel you'll see
to draw a squirrel
I start with her head I make
little ears I go down to do
his snout with a little dress
glory I have read free of little gods
and a beautiful smile lights up in Cairo
atomic
I draw his body a little bit his
two paws before his pitt brad and
hind legs and a second place
behind that I'm leaving again for
do his back like this but just before
to join the hind leg I go back
kidney 3 but what are you doing said
her whole cock is what she's great
and yes the squirrels and I ask that
that allows them to balance that then
it is convenient
now here it must be yes I will
coloring an account
and I'm going to make his wine shake like
it
because she does yoko and black so I
finish my toilet renew these
curious we are very small rodents
clean but after the other toilet you
would like to help us break the
filthy deposit where that cleans this
demo set I was sixth was going to us
help the strollers you want us
make us annoy and please you
make the months impossible
oh no it's impossible
no squirrels we have to do some
provisions otherwise we have nothing to
eat for the winter then as soon as I
see hazelnuts you hide it you
crates without her asking for the
permission
it's too strong you want to sell is good
true I have a problem I am a little
stunned I do not remember chapel like
and hiding in time and in the tale I
maybe a solution
you draw a squirrel you start
night it was the little rail like that
go down to make his network with a
little street spook month since you told him
make two small eyes and a beautiful smile
everything if they are what a little bit of
paw to your islands second dough before his
center a back leg a second
back legs you go again for
to his back but just before
join the killer back paw at
micro but to queue and you
finisses to heart and that's it and not
you're left more than the other out of 7
What can I do for you
just now I've hidden the hazelnuts
of didon and yoko but here I do not know
more where I put them squirrels we
hide your provisions in the hollow of
arms
if you had this is a squirrel to you
to play
the friends